When they analyzed the stock market up to 9.11. -
- the CIA discovered a massive shortage of airline stocks.
When the stock hit the bottom on 9.11.
somebody made a fortune.
The same thing happened this morning
with Skyfleet stock. or was supposed to.
With their prototype destroyed. the company
would have been a bancrupcy.
Instead. somebody lost over 100 million dollars
betting the wrong way.
You think this man was Le Chiffre?
Which would explain how he could set up a
high stakes poker game at Casino Royale in Montenegro.
10 players. $10 million buy in. $5 millioner re-buy
Winner takes all. potentially $150 millions.
Good. then we know where he'll be. Do you want
a clean kill or do you want to send a message?
We want him alive.
Le Chiffre doesn't have a $100 million to loose.
He played the stock market with his client's funds?
They won't be too happy when they find out it's gone.
We can't let him win this game. If he looses.
he has nowhere to run.
We'll give him sanfry in return for everything he knows.
I'm putting you in the game.
Replacing someone playing for a syndicate.
According to Villiers. you are the best player in the Service.
Thust me. I wish it wasn't the case.
I would ask you if you could remain emotionally detached.
- But I know that's not your problem. is it Boond? - No.
Don't worry about keeping in touch. We know where you are.
You can stop pretending.
You knew I wouldn't let it stop. didn't you?
When I knew you were you.
I am the money.
Every penny of it.
The treasury has agreed to stake you in the game.
Vesper. I hope your parent had it for that.
Thank you.
You must be well connected. I've never seen
so much be done so quickly.
Or so stylishly.
- May I ask you where it is? -
$10 millions was wired to your account in Montenegro.
With contuingency for 5 more.
if I deem it a good looking investment.
I suppose you've given some thought
to the notion that if you loose. -
- our government would have directly financed terrorism.
So you're telling me it's a matter of probability?
I was worried it was some chance involved.
You'll never see the player with the best hand win.
So that'll be what you call bluffing.
You've heard the term?
Then you'll know that in poker you never
play your hand. but the man's across from you.
- And you are good at reading people? - Yes. I am.
Which is why I've noticed an undertone
of sarcasm in your voice.
-
- You don't think this is a very good plan. do you? -
So there is a plan?
I got the impression we were risking millions of dollars and hundreds of lives in a game of luck.
- What else can you advice. mr. Bond? - About you. miss Lynd?
Well. your beauty is a problem.
You worry you're not being taken seriously.
Which is what you can say of any effective
woman with a heart and brain.
True. but this one overcompensates by
wearing slugging masculine clothing -
- and being more aggresive than her female collegues.
And ironically enough. and makes it less likely
for her to be accepted and promoted by her male superiors. -
- and mistake it a curtesy for arrogance.
Now I'd normally go with "only child". but -
- I would go for "Orphan".
All right.
By the cut of your suit you went to Oxford. -
- naturally thinking that human beings are dressed
like that. but you worried it was demanded.
My guess is that you didn't come from money.
and your school friends never let you forget it.
Which means that you were at that school
by the grace of someone else's charity.
And since you first thought of me being as an orphan.
I would say that you are.
And you are? I like this poker thing.
And that makes perfect sense. -
- since MI6 looks for an adjusted young man who gives little
thought to sacrificing others in order to protect queen and country.
You know. former SAS types with
easy smiles and expensive watches.
- Rolex? - Omega.
Beautiful.
Now. after having first met you. I wouldn't go
as far as calling you a cold hearted bastard.
But it wouldn't be a stretch to imagine -
- that you think of women as disposable pleasures.
rather feminine pursuits.
So as charming as you are. Mr. Bond. I will be keeping
an eye of our government's money -
- and off of your perfectly formed ass.
- You noticed? - Even accountants have imagination.
- How was your lamb? - Stewed. my sympathys.
- Good evening. mr. Bond. - Good evening. miss Lynd.
- Hotel Splendide. sir? - That's right.
- Thank you. sir. - Thank you.
It's last minutes details.
Apparently. we're very much in love.
- Do you usually leave it to the porter to tell you this
sort of things? - Only when it's a necessary brief.
I am mr. Arlington Beach. a professional gambler.
And you are miss Stephanie Broadchest...
- You have to trust me on this. - You know I don't.
We've been involved quite awhile. hence the shared suite.
But my familiy is strict roman catholic. therefore
for prudence's sake it will be a two bedroom suite.
I do hate it. when religion comes between us.
Religion and a securely locked door.
- Am I going to have a problem with you. Bond? -
No. don't worry. you're not my type.
- Smart? - Single.
- Welcome to the Hotel Splendide. what is your name. sir. -
James Bond. You'll find the reservation under "Beach".
- Welcome. mr. Bond. - You sign right there.
you represent the treasury.
- Thank you. enjoy your stay. - I will.
Very funny.
Look. Le Chiffre knows I'm well connected. he also knows
who I am and where the money is coming from.
Which means he has decided to play me anyway.
He is either desperate or he is overly confident.  But either way. that tells me something about him.
And all he gets in return is a name that he already has.
You know he knows something about you.
He knows you are reckless.
Take the next one. It isn't room enough for me and your ego.
- Mr. Bond. this is for you. - Thank you.
I love you too. M.
My name is Mathis. Rene Mathis. I am your contact here.
- Does he know we have been watching him? -
Le Chiffre? I don't think so.
Probably because there is no "we". Just me.
I'm afraid if you get into trouble here.
recovery won't come over the next hill.
Le Chiffre arrived yesterday.
I've spent the time reestablishing old relationships.
The cief of police is here now. very close.
It is him. with the mustache. over my left shoulder.
- That can make life quite difficult. - And quite possible shorter.
He is not a very subtile man.
I thought about buying his services. but -
- but quite franky. I couldn't afford to outbid Le Chiffre.
I hate to say it. but the accountants seem to be
running MI6 these days.
Not that I have anything against accauntants.
Many of them are lovely.
So I decided it was cheeper to supply his deputy with evidence -
- that we were bribing the chief.
It's amazing what we can do with Photoshop these days. isn't it.
I think your odds are improving. mr Bond.
- Yes? - For you.
Something you expect med to wear?
I need you to look fabulous. -
- so when you walk up behind me and kiss me on my neck. the players will think about your neckline and not their cards.
Do you think you can do that for me?
I'll do my best.
Thank you.
- I have a dinner jacket. - There are dinner jackets
and there are dinner jackets.
This is the latter. and I need you looking like
a man who belongs at that table.
How...
- It is tailored. - I sliced you up when we met.
- Good evening. sir. - Good evening.
Thank you.
Then you must be mr. Bliss' replacement. Welcome. mr. Beach.
Or is that Bond? I am a little confused.
Oh. we wouldn't want that. would we?
Monsieur Mendel. Please sit down.
Ladies and gentlemen. welcome.
As you know. the game is "no limit". Hold'em poker.
Five communual cards and two on the hold.
Monsieur Mendel represents the Basel banks in
Switzerland holding the sticks.
Mesdames et messieurs. You have each
deposited $10 millions buy in.
Further buy in of $5 million can be made by electronic transfer.
The money will remain in ascrow until the winner
enters his password into the encrypter.
Whereupon the entire sum will be wired to
any bank account in the world you nominate.
Mr. Bond?
We proceed alphabetically. Please be so kind
as to enter a password of your choice.
Six letters or more.
High card from dealer position.
Monsieur Gallardo. mr. Kaminoksky has a small blind for $5000. -
- and mr. Fukutu the big blind for $10.000.
Enjoy the game.
Four players.
Your bet?
Check. Check.
Bet $50.000.
Call.
Fold.
Fold. Heads-up.
Monsieur Le Chiffre?
Bet $100.000.
- You were supposed to enter so the others
could see you. - Was I? Forgive me.
Good luck darling.
It's up to you. monsieur Bond.
- Monsieur Bond? - Excuse me. what was the bet? $100.000?
Call.
I suppose I don't have to tell you how beautiful you look?
Half the people at that table are still watching you.
Champagne.
Monsieur Le Chiffre?
Bet $200.000.
Monsieur. you have been called. Show your cards please.
Full house to monsieur Le Chiffre. 9's over 2's.
Mr. Bond?
Fold.
Send the barman over. please.
Dry Martini. Wait.
Three measures of Gordon's. one of vodka. half a measure of China Lillet. Shake up. add some ice and a thin slice of lemon.
- Yes. sir. - Bruno. I'll have one of those.
- So will I. - Certainly.
Fred. bring me one as well. and keep the fruit.
That's it?
- Anyone wants play poker now? - One's in a hurry.
Will you excuse me.
- Taste nice - I thought we dispenced the covers.
No. we dispenced with one that was of no use
and created another that is.
- Is he watching? - Yes.
This is mean character. pissed off because
you're loosing so fast we won't be here past midnight.
I'll bring my character's feelings mirror my own.
You know that's not half bad.
I must come up with a name for that.
He was worth it. To discover his talent.
- What do you mean? - The twich he has to hide when he bluffs.
- Bluffs? He had the best hand. - Which he got on the last card.
The odds against was 23 to 1 and he knew that.
When he did his first raise he had nothing.
Then it was blind luck. You got the bug?
Yes.
Thank you.
Maybe he can fix his deposit half.
Ladies and gentlemen. Mesdames et messieurs.
We have now been playing for 4 hours.
It's time for a short break. We will resume play in one hour.
Well. I think I will report about the evenings "florentines".
- Sir. - You wanted to do what to me?
- You've lost me completely. - You said you couldn't
wait to have me back in the room. Come on.
So what's so damned important?
I'm so..
Where is my money?
- Good evening. - You're holding a parcel for me?
Thank you.
You think you can loose that kind of money
and no one will notice?
You money is safe.
Open that.
You'll have it tomorrow. All of it.
I will take a hand for this treason.
but you need to use yours.
Hold out your arm.
Hold out your arm. my beaty.
Or I'll take your head.
Go to the room. Wait for me there.
Stairs.
Not a world of protest.
Should find a new boyfriend.
Go find Mathis. tell him I've hidden the bodies
down here. and I want him to get rid of them.
Do that now. Go. Go!
You've changed your shirt. mr. Bond.
I hope our game doesn't make you transpire?
A little. but I don't consider myself in trouble
until I start wheeping blood.
Ladies and gentlemen. if everybody's ready.
let's continue the game.
The blood on my hands are not coming off.
May I see.
That's better?
- Cold? - Yes.
- Any trouble with the bodies? - Not at all.
Being dead doesn't mean one still can't be helpful.
Le Chiffre will keep looking over his shoulder.
wondering who it will come from next.
How is our girl?
Melted your cold heart?
- Fold. - Fold.
And fold.
Three players.
- Monsieur? - 300 grand.
Bet. $300.000.
Call.
And call.
Three players.
Check.
Monsieur Bond?
Bet $500.000.
Look. its the tank. he's bluffing.
My God. James was right.
It's up to you.
Raise. $1 million.
Seem someone know something I don't.
Fold. Heads-up. gentlemen.
It's up to you.
Two.
Will raise. $2 million.
It's up to you.
I'm all in.
Well it's $14.5 millioner. It is up to you. monsieur Bond.
Bond will have to call all in to call his bluff.
- Call. - Call.
Gentlemen. showdown. please.
Full house. kings and aces.
Monsieur Le Chiffre?
It's four checks. Monsieur Le Chiffre wins.
You thought I was bluffing. mr. Bond.
Please. we now break for one hour.
When we return. big blind will be $200.000.
I'm gonna need the other $5 million to buy me back in.
I can't do that. James.
Look. I made a mistake.
I was impatient. maybe I was arrogant. but I can beat him.
- I'm sorry - Sorry? Sorry?
Why aren't you putting that in a sentence.
like maybe. "sorry that Le Chiffre wins. -
- continuing terrorism and killing innocent people."
You lost because of your ego. And your ego can't take it.
- All you're going to do now is loose more. -
Well then you're an idiot.
- I'm sorry? - I said you're a bloody idiot.
Look in my eyes.
I can beat this man. You know that.
Put your hand off my arm.
- Vodka Martini. - Shaken or stirred?
Do I look like I give a damn?
- James. get the girl.
Sorry. I should introduce myself since we seem related.
Felix Leiter. A brother from Langley.
You shall have a little faith. You keep your
head above you. I think you have him.
Had. Excuse me.
- You're not buying in? - No.
Listen. I'm bleeding chips. I'm not gonna last much longer.
You have a better chance. I'll stake you.
I'm saying I'll give you the money to keep going.
Just one thing. If it bought off. the CIA brings him in.
And what about the winnings?
Does it look like we need the money?
Shall we up the blinds?
Why not.
Bet.
Rise.
Excuse me.
- Call. - Rise $500.000.
- Fold. - Thank you.
Fold.
- Give me. - Sorry sir. you are big blind.
- Who is it? - 007.
Bond's being poisened. He's going into a cardiac arrest.
Stay calm. don't interrupt. you will be dead within two minutes uness you do exactly like I tell you.
- I'm all ears. - Remove the defillibrator from the couch.
- Do we know what it is yet? - We're still scanning.
Attach the leads to your chest.
Ventricular takykardi - digitalis. What did they give him?
- As soon as it reads charged ... the button ...
- Don't push the red button!
- You hear me. don't push it yet.
- His heart's gonna stop.
There is time for only one charge.
Take the blue combi pen. Bond. Mid neck. Into the vein.
You will pass out in a few seconds.
push the red button now. Bond!
- Bond. push the red button. - Do it now!
- You ok? - Me?
- Thank you. - You're welcome. Take a trip to the hospital.
I'll do.
- Soon as I've won this game
- You're not seriously going back there.
I wouldn't dream of it.
Bet $1 million.
- All in. - Gentllemen. showdown please.
To pair. Aces and sevens
Queen plays. Wins.
I'm sorry.  The last hand almost killed me.
Gentlemen. with this chip exchange we enter
the final phase of the game. There's no more buyings.
The big blind is now $1 million dollars.
Four players.
It's your bet.
- Monsieur Bond? - Check.
$24 million in the pot already.
- Check. - Check. All check.
Four players.
- Check. - Check.
All in. $6 million.
Bet. $6 millioner. All in.
$5 million. All in.
Bid is $6 million.
Rise.
Rise $12 million.
Heads-up.
$40.5 millioner. All in.
Rise. All in.
Well. I think I will call your lepard.
Call.
$150 millioner in the pot.
Gentlemen. showdown please.
Flush. Ace. king. queen.
Full house. Eights and aces.
Higher full house..
Aces and six'es.
Monsieur Bond?
5 and 7 of spades.
Straight Flush. 4 till 8.
A high hand.
Monsieur Bond wins.
- Please. - Thank you very much.
- He is all yours. - I appreciate it. brother.
Congratulations.
- You know it is no celebration in it.
- You were almost dead an hour ago.
Come on. I'm finished.
Mathis says the americans have contacted Le Chiffre.
They think to extract him before dawn.
You know. I think I would call that a Vesper.
- Is it the after taste? - No.
Because once you have tasted it. that's all you want to cook.
- That was quite a good line. - That's a very good line.
- But you're laughing at it. - Not so much because of you.
Well. that's fine.
I'll figure out what that is.
- It's an algerian love knot. - Really?
- I thought it was just pretty. - No.
Someone gave it to you.
He is a very lucky man.
You can switch off so easily. can't you?
Doesn't bother you killing these people?
I wouldn't be much if I did.
I don't believe you.
You got a choice you know.
Just because you've done something.
doesn't mean you keep doing it.
Why is it people who can't take advice also insist giving it?
Are you thinking I don't take my own advice?
I think something is driving you.
And I think I'll never find out what it is.
Mathis needs me.
Good night. Congratulations again.
Mathis.
I'm afraid your friend Mathis. is really ... my friend.
Bond ...
You've taken good care about your body.
Such a vaste.
You know. I've never understood these levelled tortures.
It's the simplest things -
-to cause more pain than a man can possibly enjoy.
And of course. it's not only the immediate pain.
but the knowledge that if you don't give up quickly enough-
- there will be not much left to define you as a man.
The only question remains...
Will you give up in time?
I want the money.
Miss Lynd will give me the account number.
if she has not already.
So all I need from you is the password.
The password.. please.
I've gotten an itch.. down there.
Would you mind?
No! No!
To the right. to the right. to the right.
You are a funny man. mr. Bond.
Yes. yes. yes!
Now the whole world's gonna know that
you died while scratching my balls.
I died? I died ...?
Yes. because no matter what you do.
I'm not gonna give you the password -
- which means that your clients will hunt you down and cut you in little pieces of meat while you're still breathing.
Because if you kill me. there will be nowhere else to hide.
But you are so wrong!
Because after I've slaughted you and your little girlfriend-
- your people will still welcome me with open arms.
Give me the password.
And I will at least let her live.
Do it soon enough. she will still be in one peace.
- You really arn't going to tell me? - No.
So I think ... -
- I will feed you with what you have undone.
I'll get the money.
Tell them. I'll get the money.
Money isn't as valuable to our organisation as the ability to trust.
Any ideas?
- What? - Why he left the two of you alive.
Where is she?
Sleeping.
And I'm supposed to make you drink this.
It's just odd.
Killing all. but leaving you and her untouched.
Almost like someone tried to tell us something.
Did you look at the killer?
No.
Shame.
Drink up.
Anything else you remember?
- Anything else that can help us? - Help us?
Or help you?
- Hello. - Hello.
You're all right?
I came just to waking you.
You're always looking at me
like you haven't seen me in years.
Makes me feel reborn.
If you've just been born -
- would you be naked?
You have me there.
You can have me anyway.
I can?
Yes. here. there. any way you like.
- Does this mean that you will make love to me?
- Yes. that's how I would describe it.
Not long ago. if you described your feeling about me not long ago..
..I'm trying to find a better word than "nobody".
I'm afraid I'm a complicated woman.
That's something to be afraid of.
Hello.
Perfect timing.
Mr. Mendel. how are things in Switzerland?
My apologies. I do not mean to rush.
but $120 million is a large sum of money.
It certainly is. You didn't bring anyt chocolate with you?
I'm afraid not.
If you would type in the account number.
- And then the password - You can do that.
I would if I knew what it was.
V ... E ... S ... P ... E ... R.
The account has been transferred. Sorry to disturbing you.
- Auf wiedersehen. - Auf wiedersehen.
You know. James?
I just want you to know that if all that was left of you... -
- was your smile and your little finger ...
you would be more of a man than anyone else.
That's because you know what I can do with my little finger.
- I have no idea. - But you're aching to find out..
You're not going to let me in there?
You got your armor back on.
I have no armor left.
You stripped it from me.
What there is left of me.
Whatever is left of me..
Whatever I am..
I'm yours.
M won't miss me for a couple of days.
- She'll be too busy sweating Mathis. - Mathis?
Remember. what I told you about Le Chiffre.
Mathis told Le Chiffre.
That's how he won me out.
The same goes for the implant. I'm not going to miss that.
- I can't believe that. - Neither could I.
I thougth he hid my back.
But there you go.
Does everyone have a toll?
Yes.
Yes. everyone.
Everyone except you.
That's why I love you.
Do you love me?
Enough to float around the world with you.
until one of us must find an honest job.
But I think that's gonna be you.
because I have no idea what an honest job is.
Are you serious?
Like you said ...
If you do what I do for too long.
then there'll not be any soul left to salvage.
I'm leaving with all that I have left.
Is that enough for you?
No stop. I've gotta go to the bank.
What's the time?
How much do you think we need to float for a month?
I got plenty.
I want to pay for my half.
You stopped wearing your necklace.
Yes. It was time.
Time enough to look after the soul?
You realize that one cannot always forget the past.
Apparently not for your employer.
Back in one month.
Come on. I get money. you get supplies.
Be back here in half an hour.
- Hello. M. - I got your note.
- Yes? - We'll talk about that later.
Right now I have a man from treasury here.
He wonders if you ever is going to deposit the winnings.
That's a shame. I didn't think they'd miss it.
Yes. I told them not to worry.
- So you'll deposit today?
- I'm on my way to the bank right now.
James Bond for mr. Mendel.
Mr Mendel. I have some trouble accessing
the funds of my account.
It was transferred to the bank account number
your company gave us. Mr. Bond.
It appears the money is being drawn as we speak.
Where?
The Venece branch of course. at St. Mark's Square.
Is there a problem. mr. Bond?
- I'll kill her! - Allow me.
I'm sorry. James.
She had a boy friend. a French Algerian.
They were vey much in love.
He was kidnapped by the organisation behind Le Chiffre.
And they blackmailed her and wanted to kill him.
unless she cooperated.
We should have picked up on it. but sometimes we're so
focused on our enemies. we forget to watch our friends.
How are you doing?
She left her cell phone.
She must have known I'd check it.
She knew you were you.
- Well. at least this clears Mathis. - No.
- No? - No. it just proves that he's guilty. not innocent.
Could be a double blind.
- You don't trust anyone. do you. James? - No.
Then you've learned your lesson.
Come back as soon as you can. we need you.
Will do.
- If you do need time ...
- Why should I need more time?
Job's done.
The bitch is dead.
James?
Did you ever asked yourself.
why you weren't killed that night?
Isn't that obvious? She made a deal
to spare your life in exchange for the money.
She hoped they would let her live.
But she must have known. she had to have her death.
And now we'll never know who was behind this.
The trail's gone cold.
- Hello? - Mr. White? We need to talk.
Who is this?
The name's Bond. James Bond